a lad did lie; a lass is daed; feed a seal; feed a deaf lad;
feed a seal leaks; seek a lead; feed jill a leak; feel sad;
ask a deed; a sill leaks; jill falls ill; feffa kisses jill
ask a deed; a skill leaks; jill falls ill; jaffa kisses jill
fill a seed field; ask less if jill is sad; all lasses fall









fgf; gfg; fgf; gfg; fgf; gfg; fg;f gfg; fgf; gfg; fgf; gfg;
jhj; hjh; jhj; hjh; jhj; hjh; jhj; hjh; jhj; hjh; jhj; hjh;
gas; has; gale hale gash has gill hill gall hall geld held
high sigh hike like jig  dig; fig; gig; half heel lash dash
he liked a jig; she liked a jig; all liked a jig;see a jig
a lass sighed; see a high hill; has he held a seal; i asked
he held a jaffa as he fell; add a high gas; dig a fig field
i like a fig; half a heel has feld; jill has a gash; i hike
jill digs a field; jill likes a hike; a gas leak kills all;
i sihg like jill; jed has a high hall; see jaffa as he jigs


fill a seed field; ask less if jill is sad; all lasses fall\
ask a deed; a sill leaks; jill falls ill; jaffa kisses jill
feed a seal leeks; seek a lead; feed jill a leek; feel sad;
a lad did lie; a lass is dead; feed a seal; feed a deaf lad
a sad seal did fall; dad filled a field; a sill leaks alas;
dad kisses jill; feed a lad; feed a lass; feed all; see all
i like a fig; half a heel has held; jill has gash a; i hike
he held a jaffa as he fell; add a high gas; dig a fig field
a lass sighed; see a high hill; has he held a seal; i asked
he liked a jig; she liked a jig; all liked a jig; see a jig
